Refine Agent authorization and OAuth 2.0 access token details (#116)
PieterKas/agent2agent-auth-framework: draft-klrc-aiagent-auth.md

## Obtaining an OAuth 2.0 Access Token
OAuth 2.0 defines a number authorization grant flows in support of different authorization scenarios. The appropriate flow depends on the specific authorization scenario and the nature of User involvement. The following subsections describe the most relevant flows for Agent authorization.

### User Delegates Authorization {#user_delegates_authorization}

> When a User delegates authorization to an Agent, the Agent SHOULD obtain an access token using the Authorization Code Grant as described in {{Section 4.1 of OAUTH-FRAMEWORK}}. This redirection-based flow involves an interactive authorization process, typicallly in a web browser, in which the user authenticates to the authorization server and explicitly approves the requested access. Users SHOULD authenticate using phishing-resistant authentication mechanisms such as a passkey. Once the user has approved the request, the authorization server returns an authorization code to the Agent via the redirect.

Reviewer: typo and also you can't really put the burden of a big SHOULD on the end users 
```suggestion
When a User delegates authorization to an Agent, the Agent SHOULD obtain an access token using the Authorization Code Grant as described in {{Section 4.1 of OAUTH-FRAMEWORK}}. This redirection-based flow involves an interactive authorization process, typically in a web browser, in which the user authenticates to the authorization server and explicitly approves the requested access. Users SHOULD be authenticated using phishing-resistant authentication mechanisms such as a passkey. Once the user has approved the request, the authorization server returns an authorization code to the Agent via the redirect.
```

### Agent Obtains Own Authorization {#agent_obtains_own_access_token}

> Agents obtaining access tokens on their own behalf can use the Client Credentials Grant as described in {{Section 4.4 of OAUTH-FRAMEWORK}} or the JWT Authorization Grant as described in {{Section 2.1 of OAUTH-CLIENTAUTH-JWT=RFC7523}}. When using the Client Credentials Grant, the Agent authenticates itself using the credentials described in {{agent_credentials}} with a compatible OAuth client authentication mechanism, and not with the use of static, long-lived client secrets. When using the JWT Authorization Grant, the Agent will be identified in the subject of the JWT assertion.

Author: ```suggestion
Agents obtaining access tokens on their own behalf can use the Client Credentials Grant as described in {{Section 4.4 of OAUTH-FRAMEWORK}} or the JWT Authorization Grant as described in {{Section 2.1 of OAUTH-CLIENTAUTH-JWT}}. When using the Client Credentials Grant, the Agent authenticates itself using the credentials described in {{agent_credentials}} with a compatible OAuth client authentication mechanism, and not with the use of static, long-lived client secrets. When using the JWT Authorization Grant, the Agent will be identified in the subject of the JWT assertion.
```
